[panting]
[man 1] Sky High kinda sucks lately, huh?
[man 2] Yeah, he's lost his touch.
[man 1] Totally. These days it's
all about Tiger and Barnaby.
[both men laughing]
[announcer] Look at him soar!
The former King of Heroes,
and current Wind Wizard, Sky High!
If you don't get your head straight,
it's only a matter of time
before you fall into third place!
Yes sir.
[theme music]
Ooh, somebody's
getting ripped.
What's gotten into him?
[grunting]
[chuckling]
I don't even wanna know.
And look at how quiet that one is...
Okay, Kotetsu, let's head out.
Almost done, Bunny!
Are you doing another one
of those workouts?
At this rate,
you won't last the whole day.
Don't worry about me, pal.
I've been feelin' like a million bucks!
Well hurry up and get changed. You're
gonna make us late for our interviews.
[Tiger] You got it. Let's rock!
[sighs] Those two are so busy lately.
Aren't they, Sky High?
[Blue Rose] Wow, I've never
seen him so depressed.
-Can ya blame him?
-[Blue Rose] Huh?
[Rock Bison]
He's no longer in first place.
That's gotta be hitting him pretty hard.
[announcer] No criminal can defeat them!
They're the invincible Tiger and Barnaby!
But against tough stains,
they use a secret weapon
to deliver a clean knock out!
Meet the new stain-fighting hero
Super Dish!
Available now!
[Sky High sighing]
-[barking]
-John, come back!
[barking]
Hey, cut it out, John!
Uh, sorry about
that, ma'am.
I am fine.
Oh, good.
Oh, you mind if
I join you?
No.
He's a pretty good
dog, most of the time.
All right.
Sure is a beautiful
evening.
Hey, um... would you like an apple?
I am sorry.
Hold on, are you a NEXT, too?
I don't know.
I see. Maybe your powers
are just new to you, still.
It's okay.
Learning how to control them will be
pretty tough at first.
But you'll catch on.
I remember when my powers first awakened.
It was summer. I was 18.
[interviewer] So, Barnaby, when did you
first get your abilities as a NEXT?
I must have had them as
early as two years old.
They tell me I gave my mother
a lot of headaches
because whenever she'd put me down,
I'd start crying and activate my powers.
You must have been one
cute super-baby!
Don't you think so, Mr.
Tiger?
I agree!
Why the hell did we do
that interview half-naked?
Well, to save time, I had to schedule
the swim suit photo session
and the interview simultaneously.
But we never wanted this
kind of attention.
Tell, him Bunny!
You hate this stuff, right?
Actually, I don't mind it at all.
Huh?
In fact, I'm starting to have fun.
You are?
My whole life used to be about revenge.
But now everything feels so different.
Like a new day.
This is fascinating,
but we're running late.
You two mind finishing this in the car?
More publicity?
[Barnaby] Didn't you even look at
the schedule?
[Lloyds] Next, there's an appearance
on a variety show,
then you're doing guest voices
for a New Year's Anime special.
Now, hold on a second! Is this supposed
to be some kind of circus? We're heroes!
Don't be so dramatic.
It's not like you're
being called into action right now.
Yeah, I guess.
-Well, look who it is.
-Huh?
[Dragon Kid] Sky High?
[Blue Rose] What's he doing out there?
[Fire Emblem] Oh, don't tell me
you didn't know...
[both] What?
Our hunky fly boy
likes to moonlight.
Ever since he became a hero,
he patrols the city at night.
Wow. He's
dedicated.
[Ben] Thank you, sir.
Have a good one.
[Tiger on radio] Oh yeah, it's true.
Lately I've been feelin' better than ever!
Huh?
The other day I went flying like, whoosh!
And then I was all like boom!
And then gave it a blam-o and then--
[radio host] Hey, hey, hey,
nobody can see what you're doing.
We're on the radio, remember?
Oh yeah. Well anyway,
I had way more power than usual!
-[honking]
-[man] Get outta the road!
It's awesome. I guess you could say
Wild Tiger is still evolving!
[female radio host] Well, I am very
excited for you.
[Tiger] Well I am very pleased that
I could get you so excited.
[chuckles]
What an idiot!
Man, it's like those
guys are on every single channel.
There, there. Don't beat yourself up.
You can still make a comeback
and be number one!
What? No, I'm actually more worried
about my love life.
-[gasping]
-[all] What?
Sky High, you're in love?
Ooh! Must be
something in the air!
Is that why you've been
acting so depressed?
She's got a point. You didn't tell us?
When do we get to meet her?
-[Sky High] Uh, she's--
-When did you meet?
-Maybe three days ago?
-Did you tell her you like her?
No, not yet!
You haven't? Oh, you're such a prude!
Fine then. We're gonna give you all the
love advice you'll ever need!
Mm-hmmm!
Okay, I'm all yours.
Here goes.
Start with a smile!
No girl can resist a winning smile
from a hot hunk!
Hey! How you doin'?
Hi.
Compliment her. Girls like it
if you tell them they look nice.
That's a nice hair band.
It's an interesting shade of red.
My favorite color.
Is it your favorite as well?
-It's not.
-Okay.
Girls need physical contact. Just take
her hand and she'll be yours forever!
[burping]
Well, see ya.
[camerawoman] Right here, please. Can
you face my camera?
[cameraman] Over here, too.
Many of my readers look up to you.
But who is the person you admire most?
Well, I'd have to say
Mr. Legend!
Why?
'Cause he's so rad
and so awesome!
[sighs]
And you, Mr. Barnaby,
same question.
I suppose that would be
my parents.
Go on.
Well, my mom and my dad
devoted their lives to robotics research.
They had one dream... to create a robot
that could protect people,
and bring peace to the entire world.
They were partners at work
and partners at home.
I may wear a suit and fight crime,
but my parents are my heroes.
[reporter] What a great answer.
[female reporter]
So sincere.
[Lloyds]
I learned something new today, Barnaby.
So,
your parents really worked in robotics?
Yeah.
I have fond memories of
them bringing me along to their lab.
They always looked so
cool when they were at work.
I loved them both so much.
I wish Kaede would feel
the same way about her dad.
I'm sure she
loves you, too.
I dunno. Whenever I call her,
all she does is complain about me.
Harping about how my stories are boring.
Or my jokes are dumb. Or my beard is lame.
She's right.
Gee, thanks a lot, pal.
Huh? Hey, check it out.
[Barnaby] Hero TV?
[announcer]
We're live with a suspect on the run,
and he's got hostages.
And who's that in pursuit?
It's Sky High! Can he break out
of his slump and make an arrest today?
Hey, why the hell weren't we
called in on this?
Is the comm broken?
[Lloyds]
No, I told them not to bother you.
Huh?
You two have your hands
full with all these interviews.
Your time is just too valuable.
I thought all the second tier heroes
could handle this.
[Tiger] Are you out of your mind?
Our job isn't to smile for your
dumb cameras! We're heroes dammit!
And heroes are supposed
to be out there saving people's lives!
Kotetsu, take it easy.
[announcer] She did it!
Dragon Kid has
apprehended the criminal!
Haa!
And Origami Cyclone racks up
some points for rescuing the hostages.
The young heroes are
really shining this season!
Meanwhile, Sky High suffered a sudden
crash right at the end of the chase.
He'll finish scoreless again!
Sadly, his slump continues.
[announcer] They're the invincible
Tiger and Barnaby!
I, uh, I didn't expect
to find you here so late.
Yes.
Would you mind if I get some things
off my chest?
No.
You see, I used to be the
best at my job,
until recently. Now nothing
seems to click.
It's not dropping in
rank that bothers me.
It's just, everyone has
these expectations of me.
And I don't wanna
let them all down.
I failed them once, and learned the hard
way what it feels like to be powerless.
And now, when it's time to work,
I freeze up. I'm completely helpless.
I mean the way things have been
going lately, I’d be better off quitting.
Why?
Because I'm worried
that everyone will lose faith in me.
[girl] Why?
Because I can't--
But why?
You're forcing me to
confront a deeper truth, aren't you?
It's true. I've just been hiding behind
excuses
and not doing anything to change
things for myself.
Thank you. I--
It's late. Let me walk you home.
I am fine.
Sorry for unloading like that.
I'll, um, see you tomorrow?
Good night!
Ah, Cis. There you are.
I was worried about you.
I am sorry.
Here goes nothing.
[Tiger groaning] I can't believe we
wasted the whole freakin' day.
[Barnaby] Giving interviews is an
important part of the job.
But if all we do is talk,
we're gonna get outta shape.
You know... Maybe you should stop whining
and try to follow Sky High's example.
Huh?
He never complained when he was on top.
And if you think about it,
he worked twice as hard as we did.
Yeah, I know, but still.
Whoa! What the hell?
Cis, stop!
[gasping]
Are you all right, sir?
Aren't you--
She looks like a
power-type NEXT.
[Barnaby] That's an understatement.
Heroes.
Yes, it's about time I get to do
some real work today!
Hey, lady.
[screaming]
Heroes.
Guess talking
isn't an option.
Plan B.
What?
[struggling]
She's powerful!
What's wrong with her?
This is crazy!
Perfect.
She's perfect!
Yes. No. I am sorry.
I don't know. I am fine. Yes.
[Barnaby]
That chick... isn't human!
I had no idea such an
advanced android could even exist!
No, it couldn't until now.
I'm the one who brought
her into existence.
Y-you created her?
Yes. To show the world
that androids have infinite capabilities.
That they can easily surpass humans
and soon could ever surpass the NEXT.
My whole life I've worked to create an
all-powerful cybernetic being.
One that will rise
above us all.
I poured all of my data
into one prototype.
Cis, she is perfect.
Cis is my masterpiece!
Heroes.
Knock it off! And stop
sayin' heroes already!
[Barnaby] What do you want? Why did
you program her to kill heroes?
[Rotwang]
Oh, she's not programmed to kill you.
This is all just a peculiar malfunction.
Her memory is loaded full
of data on every single hero.
After all, I wanted her to become
the strongest being in the world.
So I gave her powerful
examples to draw from.
But then a few days
ago...
While transporting her,
our vehicle was struck by lightning.
In the commotion that followed,
Cis jumped out of the car and fled.
And by the time I was
able to track her down,
her system appeared to be
damaged by the electrical shock.
Now, it seems whenever she
sees anything related to heroes,
she shifts into battle mode.
And that's what we're
witnessing here.
But this is far better
than I could have imagined!
I didn't think she
could beat your heroes this quickly!
And none of this would have been
possible without your parents' research.
You still don't
recognize me, young man?
You're---
The name's Rotwang.
I worked for your mom and dad.
And yes, Cis is based on their research.
It was passed on to me,
and I took it to the next level.
They would have been so pleased.
The hell they would!
My mother and father wanted to invent a
machine that could save people's lives!
Not some mindless weapon
of mass destruction, like that thing!
Young man, I put their
theories into practice.
As scientists, that's exactly what they
would have wanted!
[Tiger screaming]
[Cis] I am sorry.
I don't know.
I am fine.
Unfortunately, Cis will continue
to destroy the city,
unless she is shut down.
You see, Stern Bild
is plastered with the faces of heroes.
[Barnaby] Damn it.
[Tiger] That really hurt.
It's payback time!
Hey, quit moving!
Whoa! What the--
Hold it!
Aw, crap.
I-I thought I activated
my power when Bunny did.
How come his is still goin'?
Damn it!
She can fly too?
[Sky High] Hold it right there!
[gasping]
Huh? Sky High?
I can handle this one!
What kind of robot is this?
[grunting]
[screaming]
I won't let you endanger the people
of this city!
In order to stop her,
he's going to have to destroy her.
It's over!
Sky... High!
[gasping]
I did it.
I did it!
Wow, what a difference a
day makes.
[Blue Rose] Yeah.
Glad he's back to his old self.
Wish I could say the same for that one.
[Fire Emblem] Huh, I wonder
what's eating him.
Do you think it'll happen again?
Huh?
Another android attack
like the one we had last night.
Hey, Bunny, are you all right?
Well, I am still shocked that my
parents' work was manipulated like it was.
But at the same time, I can't presume
to know
whether they would have objected to
Rotwang's ultimate goals.
If only they were still alive,
I could ask them.
[Sky High] Buck up, you two!
Come on guys, heroes
aren't supposed to be depressed!
We've gotta set an
example for the citizens!
Yeah, you're right.
For the good of the city,
let's try to keep our spirits high!
All right.
Now, I must
be off.
Hey, where you
goin', sweetie?
That girl from the park.
I have to thank her.
Oh?
[Blue Rose] You mean the one
you've got a crush on?
[Fire Emblem] Aha! I knew you could do
it. Go get her, stud.
[Fire Emblem growls]
[theme music]